Alpha Channel  - Sets the opacity for a color .
                 Ranges from 0 to 1.
    0-invilsie , 1- completely visisble
    rgba(255,255,255,0.3)



Opacity  - sets the opacity for the element. 
            Ranges from 0 to 1



Transitions - Enable you to define the transition betweeen two states of an element.

       eg. sqaure to circle

    Transition Shorthand - property name |duration |timing-function|delay
            transition   - margin-top 2s ease-in-out 0.2s;


CSS Transform - This property lets you rotate , scale ,skew or translate an element.
                Can use multiple properties together.
    1.Roate 
        transform : rotate(45deg);
    2.Scale -can be applied on 2D or 3D
        transform : scale(0.5);
    3.Translate - only for 2D plane (x or y axis)
        transform : translate (50px ,50px);
        transform : translateX(10px);
        transform : translateY(10px);
    4.Skew 
        transform : skew(30deg);

Box Shadow - It adds Shadow effects around an element's frame.
        box-shadow : 2px      2px      10px       green;
                     x offset y offset blur radius
                    

Background Image - lets you set an image as background.

    background-image : url("../somepath/..img.jpeg")
    background-size : contain/cover/auro;
       
       contain - cannot crop or scale but repeat
       cover - cannot scale but crop
       auto - stretch

Position Property - sets how an element is positioned in a document.
                The top, right , bottom and left property determines the final location of positioned elements.

    1.static
        The top ,right, bottom ,left nad z-index have no effect. 
        This is default value.

    2.relative
        the offset is relative to itself based on the values of top ,right,bottom and left.

    3.absolute
        the element is removed from the normal document flow , and no space is created for the element in the page layout.
        It is positioned relative to its closest positioned ancestor , if any ;otherwise , it is placed relative to the initial conatining block.

    4.fixed
        the element is removed from the normal document flow , and no space is created for the element in the page layout.
        It is positioned relative to the initial conatining block established by the viewport.